Hello and welcome
During this task, you will be asked to review
a certain amount of points
Those points are from the point clouds
which are ultimately representing pieces of urban areas
Each step has one point highlighted with yellow
Your task is to decide, which class does this point represent
You can zoom in
or rotate the point cloud using your mouse
Use the buttons on the right side
to indicate your decision and navigate to the next case
New tasks might take some time to appear
Note, that there are some control tasks and attention checks
They mirror the checks used on the original crowdsourcing platform
But if you simply pay attention to the task
such problems will be avoided
After you are done with the last point
the button down right will appear
Use it to finish the task and get your proof code
Thats it. Good luck!